[NFC] Clean-up some old workarounds in sampler, simplify some code, and add error checking (#1202)
netket/netket: docs/advanced/custom_preconditioners.md

The output of the preconditioner must be the transformed gradient stored as a PyTree.

> This general API will allow you to implement any preconditioner and use it together with NetKet Variational Drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This general API will allow you to implement any preconditioner and use it together with NetKet's variational optimization drivers.
```
